#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
affine==2.3.1
    # via rasterio
aiohttp==3.8.1
    # via gcsfs
aiosignal==1.2.0
    # via aiohttp
apache-beam[gcp]==2.40.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   xarray-beam
asciitree==0.3.3
    # via zarr
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via aiohttp
attrs==22.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   cfgrib
    #   eccodes
    #   pytest
    #   pytype
    #   rasterio
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via pydap
bokeh==2.4.3
    # via dask
bottleneck==1.3.5
    # via -r requirements.in
cachecontrol==0.12.11
    # via firebase-admin
cachetools==4.2.4
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-auth
cdsapi==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2022.6.15
    # via
    #   httplib2shim
    #   pyproj
    #   rasterio
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   eccodes
    #   metview
cfgrib==0.9.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
cftime==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   netcdf4
charset-normalizer==2.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   cfgrib
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   rasterio
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via rasterio
cligj==0.7.2
    # via rasterio
cloudpickle==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apache-beam
    #   dask
codetiming==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
colorama==0.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
crcmod==1.7
    # via apache-beam
cryptography==36.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyopenssl
dask[array,diagnostics]==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rechunker
    #   xarray-beam
dataclasses==0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
decorator==5.1.1
    # via gcsfs
dill==0.3.1.1
    # via apache-beam
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   hdfs
    #   pydap
earthengine-api==0.1.317
    # via -r requirements.in
eccodes==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cfgrib
ecmwf-api-client==1.6.3
    # via -r requirements.in
entrypoints==0.4
    # via numcodecs
fastavro==1.5.4
    # via apache-beam
fasteners==0.17.3
    # via
    #   google-apitools
    #   zarr
findlibs==0.0.2
    # via eccodes
firebase-admin==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flake8==5.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
flox==0.5.9
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2022.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   gcsfs
future==0.18.2
    # via earthengine-api
gcsfs==2022.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gdal[numpy]==3.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
geojson==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-api-core[grpc,grpcgcp]==1.32.0
    # via
    #   firebase-admin
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-dlp
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-recommendations-ai
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-cloud-videointelligence
    #   google-cloud-vision
google-api-python-client==1.12.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   earthengine-api
    #   firebase-admin
google-apitools==0.5.31
    # via apache-beam
google-auth==1.35.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   earthengine-api
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   earthengine-api
    #   google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==0.5.2
    # via gcsfs
google-cloud-bigquery==2.34.4
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-bigquery-storage==2.14.1
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-bigtable==1.7.2
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-core==1.7.3
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-datastore==1.15.5
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-dlp==3.8.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-firestore==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   firebase-admin
google-cloud-language==1.3.2
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-pubsub==2.13.4
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
google-cloud-pubsublite==1.4.2
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-recommendations-ai==0.2.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-spanner==1.19.3
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-storage[bqstorage,pandas]==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   earthengine-api
    #   firebase-admin
    #   gcsfs
google-cloud-videointelligence==1.16.3
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-vision==1.0.2
    # via apache-beam
google-crc32c==1.3.0
    # via google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.3.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.56.4
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.12.4
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-spanner
grpcio==1.47.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-gcp
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-gcp==0.2.2
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
grpcio-status==1.47.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
h5netcdf==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
h5py==3.7.0
    # via h5netcdf
hdfs==2.7.0
    # via apache-beam
httplib2==0.20.4
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   earthengine-api
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-apitools
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   httplib2shim
    #   oauth2client
httplib2shim==0.0.3
    # via earthengine-api
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
immutabledict==2.2.1
    # via xarray-beam
importlab==0.7
    # via pytype
importlib-metadata==4.12.0
    # via numba
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   pydap
libcst==0.4.7
    # via pytype
llvmlite==0.39.0
    # via numba
locket==1.0.0
    # via partd
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
metview==1.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
more-itertools==8.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
msgpack==1.0.4
    # via cachecontrol
multidict==6.0.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   rechunker
    #   typing-inspect
netcdf4==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
networkx==2.8.3
    # via
    #   importlab
    #   pytype
ninja==1.10.2.3
    # via pytype
numba==0.56.0
    # via
    #   numbagg
    #   numpy-groupies
numbagg==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
numcodecs==0.10.2
    # via zarr
numpy==1.22.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apache-beam
    #   bokeh
    #   bottleneck
    #   cfgrib
    #   cftime
    #   dask
    #   eccodes
    #   gdal
    #   h5py
    #   metview
    #   netcdf4
    #   numba
    #   numbagg
    #   numcodecs
    #   numpy-groupies
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydap
    #   rasterio
    #   scipy
    #   snuggs
    #   xarray
    #   zarr
numpy-groupies==0.9.19
    # via flox
oauth2client==4.1.3
    # via google-apitools
oauthlib==3.2.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
orjson==3.7.11
    # via apache-beam
overrides==6.2.0
    # via google-cloud-pubsublite
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   h5netcdf
    #   pytest
    #   rioxarray
    #   xarray
pandas==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flox
    #   metview
    #   xarray
partd==1.2.0
    # via dask
pillow==9.2.0
    # via bokeh
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
proto-plus==1.20.6
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-dlp
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-recommendations-ai
protobuf==3.20.1
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-dlp
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-cloud-videointelligence
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
py==1.11.0
    # via pytest
pyarrow==7.0.0
    # via apache-beam
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   oauth2client
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
pycodestyle==2.9.1
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydap==3.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pydot==1.4.2
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   pytype
pyflakes==2.5.0
    # via flake8
pymongo==3.12.3
    # via apache-beam
pyopenssl==22.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   packaging
    #   pydot
    #   snuggs
pyproj==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rioxarray
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-subtests
pytest-subtests==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pandas
pytype==2022.8.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   libcst
    #   metview
rasterio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rioxarray
rechunker==0.5.0
    # via xarray-beam
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   cachecontrol
    #   cdsapi
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   hdfs
    #   metview
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rioxarray==0.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
scipy==1.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
shapely==1.8.2
    # via -r requirements.in
simplejson==3.17.6
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   earthengine-api
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-apitools
    #   google-auth
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   grpcio
    #   hdfs
    #   httplib2shim
    #   oauth2client
    #   pydap
    #   python-dateutil
snuggs==1.4.7
    # via rasterio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
tabulate==0.8.10
    # via pytype
tenacity==8.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
toml==0.10.2
    # via pytype
tomli==2.0.1
    # via pytest
toolz==0.12.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   flox
    #   partd
tornado==6.2
    # via bokeh
tqdm==4.64.0
    # via cdsapi
typing-extensions==4.3.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   bokeh
    #   libcst
    #   numcodecs
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.7.1
    # via libcst
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.11
    # via
    #   httplib2shim
    #   requests
webob==1.8.7
    # via pydap
xarray==2022.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rechunker
    #   rioxarray
    #   xarray-beam
xarray-beam==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
yarl==1.8.1
    # via aiohttp
zarr==2.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rechunker
    #   xarray-beam
zipp==3.8.1
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
